US appeals court blocks Biden administration effort to restore net-neutrality rules - Reuters

Pressed by Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-Utah), the chairman of the Senate Commerce and Science Committee, on Thursday, the Commerce Department claimed the agency had not yet decided whether the rules were in place.

The agency, which is overseen by President Barack Obama, said it had yet to make a decision.

"We just have not made a determination," said spokesman Jeff Roe. "We are still reviewing the status of the rules."

The rules were required under a 1996 deal that Congress struck with the U.S. Trade Representative, which included the elimination of a provision preventing companies from blocking consumer service from discriminating against certain consumers.

The rule was created to protect consumers from the cost of Internet service, while also preventing companies from discriminating against certain consumers based on race, religion, sexual orientation or disability.

In its ruling on Thursday, the Commerce Department said the "transparency and effectiveness" of the rules could have a big impact on the industry's ability to compete.

The rule was designed to make Internet service more predictable, according to the agency.

The rules were set to be finalized next year to make sure that internet providers are complying with the rules and that their networks are sufficiently flexible to accommodate faster speeds.

"As part of our ongoing efforts, we have engaged with the FTC to determine whether the rules will be in place as of this week," the Commerce Department said in a statement. "At the same time, we have also been working with our state counterparts to ensure that we are taking the appropriate steps to ensure that new regulations are implemented."

The ruling comes three months after the Obama administration blocked a proposed rule that would have allowed companies to block Internet service to people with disabilities.

Pressed by Hatch on Thursday, the Commerce Department said it has yet to make a decision.

"We just have not made a determination," said Roe. "We are still reviewing the status of the rules."

Roe said the agency would take "as many as we can" to determine the status of the rules.

"The Department of Justice will continue to evaluate and review these determinations," he said.