US winter storm: Kentucky and Virginia declare state of emergency - BBC.com

The National Weather Service issued a state of emergency for the entire state of Kentucky and Virginia on Wednesday, May 15, following the first of three storms to hit the state, which is expected to keep temperatures in the 20s.

The Storm Center of Oklahoma tweeted that it had made a "significant" landfall in Oklahoma, and that it was on the border of Oklahoma and Texas for at least seven days.

A total of three storms have hit the state since the start of February, and the National Weather Service issued a state of emergency for the entire state of Kentucky and Virginia on Wednesday, May 15, following the first of three storms to hit the state, which is expected to keep temperatures in the 20s. #NWSStormCenter pic.twitter.com/4Cj2j7Vq6U — National Weather Service (@NWS) May 15, 2015

NWS spokesman Mike Camm said that the number of people reported missing in the first three days of February was "quite substantial," but warned that while the severity was not yet clear, "we would expect to see some more people in the coming days."

In addition, Camm said the National Weather Service has issued an alert for "a significant number of people in the state of Kentucky and Virginia" in the coming hours and had received reports of "very heavy rain, severe wind, gusts up to 70 mph" as well as "massive hail."

"We are working with local officials and other emergency services and the National Weather Service to ensure those experiencing heavy rain, hail, severe wind, heavy rain, and extensive hail are taken to safety," he said.

NWS sent out a warning for those who are in "extreme weather" to stay away from the area, and said the National Weather Service could send out two helicopters to provide air cover for people in the area. The National Weather Service said that it could also "call in more rescuers to help with an emergency in the area."

Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin issued a statewide emergency declaration on Wednesday for the region, citing a "large-scale system of storms, flash floods, flooding and other severe weather affecting a number of major cities in the region."

The region is currently in its third straight severe weather