Asian shares decline despite rebound on Wall St as investors await next steps in trade wars - The Associated Press

AUSTIN - The U.S. government is set to begin issuing new U.S. dollar bonds on Monday to help help offset the slowing growth in emerging markets.

The new bond-buying program will cost the government $1.75 billion a year and will likely require more stimulus from the Federal Reserve.

A Treasury Department statement said the bond purchases would help offset the expected weakness in the U.S. dollar as the economy picks up.

"We have a lot of confidence that the U.S. dollar will continue to rise in value this year, but the longer-term outlook remains unchanged," said Mark J. Taylor, an economist at the Peterson Institute for International Economics.

The U.S. dollar was trading at $1.85 on Monday morning. The value fell to $1.04 on Monday morning.

The European Central Bank gave the dollar a boost after its latest data that showed a decline in global crude oil prices was offset by stronger global demand.

The euro jumped to a new all-time high of $1.16, while the dollar was flat at $1.20.

The yield on the U.S. dollar edged up to a new high of 4.18 percent, and the price of oil fell to its lowest level since July.

The European Central Bank said the central bank expects the euro to return to a new high of 4.16 percent in 2017 and 4.17 percent in 2018.

The dollar's gain was the highest since July and it could be the first time since the end of the global recession in 2007 that the euro has been lower than its previous level.

The dollar lost $1.04 to $1.16 as of 9:50 a.m. Eastern Standard Time the following day.

The Federal Reserve could issue $1.75 million of new U.S. dollar bonds on Monday to help offset the rate cut.

Other measures of the U.S. economy that could help offset the decline in the dollar include a rise in the number of people in work, higher education costs and rising prices for homes.

The U.S. government started lifting taxes on people in the summer and will begin to do so on Monday, as well.

The Dow Jones industrial average