Saudis say warnings about market attack suspect were ignored - BBC.com reporter John Kew

The UK's government has warned consumers that the new rules will cut investment in the UK's second largest economy and encourage speculation over the future.

The Treasury's own economic watchdog warned on Tuesday a series of new rules would increase uncertainty for investors and hurt businesses whose funds were being held in the UK.

The new rules, which were announced on Tuesday by the Treasury, will be rolled out in two phases.

The first phase, set to last until June, will see rules requiring companies to disclose their holdings in the UK's second largest economy, to prevent investors fearing the impact of the rules being breached.

The second phase, which is due to be rolled out next month, will see the UK's government announce plans to cut £3bn from its public sector pension fund and slash £25bn from its national economy fund.

The move comes as the government prepares to launch its annual review into the UK's financial services sector.

The Treasury's report on financial services shows that as a share of the economy, the UK's second biggest economy employs just under half of the UK workforce.

'Reform in line with the UK's economic needs'

The Treasury said that the reforms "will be a step in the right direction, but it will be underpinned by a commitment to making the UK an economic leader".

The government said that while the changes would "enhance our competitiveness and deliver a more competitive UK economy" it was "fully committed to the aims and objectives of the reform".

The Treasury said the reforms would take "a large step forward in the coming months".

Under the reforms the Treasury said it would make "a number of important improvements to our services industry".

The reforms would allow for a "new set of accountability and transparency standards for UK-based service providers, including more transparency in how we manage our finances".

The changes would also make it easier for companies to identify who is receiving money, or who is holding or holding a small number of funds, which could