Shingles Shot Slashes Dementia Risk by 20% in Landmark Stanford Study - SciTechDaily

"To put it another way, it's like a lottery that you win because you have the most money, but you are not going to win the lottery because you don't have the best kids. It was a big, big mistake."

The Stanford study, conducted in partnership with the Stanford Center for Environmental Health, looked at how much money people had invested into real estate during the height of the housing bubble.

It found that the average investor invested about $28,000 in real estate during the height of the bubble that occurred in 2008-09.

"When you look at every single investor in the world, there is a lot of money involved in that," said study co-author Michael Shingles. "And if you aren't investing in real estate, you don't have a choice."

The study, which was supported by the Stanford Center for Environmental Health, looked at all investments in real estate during the height of the bubble, which occurred about a decade ago.

According to the Stanford study, the average investor invested about $28,000 in real estate during the height of the bubble.

"If that was $48,000 per year, it would be a lot of money for the average investor," Shingles said. "It is really good evidence that we're getting better at investing in real estate and not just in housing."

The study also found that real estate investment did not always translate into less money for the average investor.

Still, the Stanford study found that for investors who invest more in real estate, the average investor is more likely to own a home.

"In some cases, real estate investment makes a big difference," Shingles said. "And that's true for everyone for a variety of reasons."

The study also focused on the types of investments people made during the height of the housing bubble.

For example, investors who invested in real estate that was built during the boom, such as a new construction boom, were more likely to own a home.

"Real estate