Evacuations issued in Southern California as heavy rain brings threat of debris flows in areas scarred by wildfires - CNN has this report.

The Los Angeles County Fire Department said the latest fires are still burning, but have yet to dissipate.

The fire that burned across the Sacramento region was the largest fire in the county at 19,000 acres, the fire service said Tuesday.

Officials say the area was cleared of debris Tuesday afternoon, but residents are still concerned about the health of their homes and their ability to live.

The county has issued evacuation orders to residents in the area.

The county is also keeping an eye on what's happening in southern California as it moves toward the end of the summer, according to county spokeswoman Lauren Gagnon.

"We're going to work with the county and the federal government to make sure that we have an emergency and that there's no more fires here," Gagnon said.

The U.S. Forest Service warned of heavy rain Tuesday afternoon, with gusts of 105 feet (20 metres) and gusts of up to 130 feet.

The National Weather Service said it could be up to a two-week stretch of heavy rains in the region.

A spokesperson for the National Weather Service said it's "very important" that people in the area use proper drainage systems, including roadways, to avoid damaging nearby property.

"We've been inundated with flooding conditions and we're continuing to monitor the situation closely," said Jennifer Smith, a spokeswoman for the NWS in Sacramento.

The National Weather Service said it's a potential threat to homes and businesses in the area.

Meanwhile, in Ventura County, California, the state has issued a mandatory evacuation order for residents who live in residential neighborhoods.

Residents with concerns about the wildfire have been ordered to remain indoors and they are advised to use emergency shelter.

Residents can also call their local fire service office at (916) 539-4357.

"That's the first thing they do. They have people in the immediate area," Gagnon said.

California Gov. Jerry Brown is expected to issue a statement on the situation.
